# Experimental Settings
    
The fundamentals of our experiments are based on the empirically instantiating the framework of `JANUS` by combining LoRA for teacher backbone, mobile backbones and task messengers. The experiments consider two retention rates $\beta \in \{0.8,0.6\}$. We use the following local training setting: in each communication round, each edge performs 30 local updates, and the batch size of every local update is 4. Before launching the cloud-edge evolution, we warm up the $B_{mobile}$ for 20 iterations to generate a distilled emulator E by minimizing the loss $L^S_{KD}$. During the bidirectional co-studying phase, the teacher and student execute 10 iterations separately. While during the unidirectional tutoring phase the edge execute 20 iterations. These experiments run for 100 communication rounds, and we report the results based on the fine-tuned LLM obtained at the 100th round.

For *LoRA, Optimizers and Hyperparameters*, we add the LoRA to all decoder layers in the adapter and the emulator by setting the rank to 8 and the alpha to 16. We use AdamW as an optimizer to iterate on the edge (for the task messenger) and the cloud (for the backbone), respectively. We search for the best learning rate in $\{1 \times 10^{-5}, 3\times 10^{-5}, 5 \times 10^{-5}, 8\times10^{-5},1\times10^{-4} \}$. We set the momentum for (0.9, 0.95). As for other hyperparameters related to the optimizer, we use the default setting. Throughout the experiments, we demonstrate the result of the best hyperparameter combination. To avoid randomness, we utilize three different random seeds and report the averaged results.